I was the same way.
Bad things just happen.
No rhyme or reason.
But sometimes there is a reason.
It's just not a reason
you can see.
Mm. This is wonderful.
You have to give me the recipe.
Thank you.
I may not see
the air is polluted,
but that_ doesn't mean
It's not.
I may not see
the poison in the ground,
but it's still there.
WOMAN:
I went to Alicia
because we didn't cause this,
Lori.
This was done to us.
So do you have
any questions?
Who else signed up?
The pesticides were buried
here and here.
102 families affected in all.
I've spoken to half so far,
and I'll speak to the rest
by the end of the week.
And what happens if I do sign?
Then we'll bring suit
to JNL Pesticides.
They were negligent.
They could have disposed
of their chlordane reserves
properly;
instead they buried them
near your groundwater.
This won't _cost
you anything.
My firm only makes money
if we're successful.
You can come.
I wanted
three girls.
I was an only child,
and I wanted...
noise in the house.
Lots of noise.
I'm 26 years old,
and I will never have a baby.
Neven
Are you a mom?
Yes, I am.
If you're planning
to sue these people,
I'll do whatever you want.
I'll testify wherever you want,
cry whenever you want,
but it's not for the money.
I want them to know
they hurt me.
Okay?
Okay.
(phone ringing)
Would you excuse me?
She's a good one.
I know.
(phone rings)
Yeah?
How's it going?
Good but slow.
Everybody's wary here.
They'll climb on board
when they smell the money.
I don't think so.
It's a conservative
neighborhood.
They don't like lawyers.
That's why I sent you.
We got the preliminary report
back on the core samples.
It's looking like
this could reach pretty high.
$55 million.
You're kidding.
Nope. You're going to change
a lot of lives out there.
Just keep signing them up.
Call me when you're done.
What did she say?
She says we're good.
How sweet.
You two have made up.
Isn't it adorable?
So, are you on board?
If it means getting Bond out,
I am.
Otherwise, I am out the door
headed to another firm.
It's about getting Bond out.
There's only one way
to replace a name partner--
a majority vote
of the equity partners.
The next partner
meeting is Friday.
Bond thinks I'm on his side,
so he won't expect anything.
And then Diane asks for
and end-of-the-meeting
good faith vote.
DIANE:
Bond will think I'm
just being spiteful.
So he won't _have time
to line up hIS troops.
(chuckles)
And you have the votes?
Well, we have my people,
Will's people and yours, right?
Family Law's? Sure,
they're ready to lynch him.
An unfortunate
choice of words.
We need to get
Julius into this
so it doesn't look like
the racist white partners...
Oh, please.
What do you mean, oh, please?
I'm worried we're soft
on four votes:
Wolf, Adams, Howard, Neka.
Minus those four votes,
we're short of a majority.
So we get them
back on the reservation.
Back on the reservation?
Isn't Neka half Cherokee?
Look, the only thing
equity partners care about
is year-end bonuses.
So we need to give them a piece
of this new class action.
$55 million
is a lot of incentive.
Are you sure the $55 million
is real?
It's a consent form, Julie.
Just a formality
for the court.
I like you,
Mrs. Florrick.
But that was my friend
Gail on the phone.
She thinks I should listen
to this other lawyer
before I decide.
What other lavwer?
At Annette's house.
Right now?
Do you mind if we tag along?
ALICIA:
Looks like we have competition.
I don't know who it is.
False alarm.
The other firm sent
a car and driver.
Talk about tone-deaf.
This community's
gonna hate him.
(chuckles)
WOMAN:
I just don't like the feeling
we're being exploited,
that's all.
(people agreeing)
CANNING:
There are a lot
of lawyers out there
just looking
to make a quick buck.
But I know what it's like
to be exploited.
People see you as a victim,
and they want to use that.
They don't see pain
unless it's something
that can packaged and sold.
Look at me.
(group chuckles)
Oh, hi, Julie, Rosanna.
And Mrs. Florrick.
JULIE:
She asked if she
could drop by, too.
Now, now, don't want any
lawyer fights in here.
No, no. Mrs. Florrick
and I are old friends.
Aren't we?
We are.
ANNETTE:
Lours was just
telling us he has...
CANNING:
Tardive dyskinesia.
It's a neurological syndrome.
If you see me moving
like this or like this,
don't think Ms. Florrick
has me worried.
(laughter)
In fact, I'm glad
Alicia's here.
I know I should
probably be telling you
she's the devil incarnate,
and her firm is going to
screw up your class action,
but we're both very
capable lavwers,
and I think you should
just go with the firm
that you think has your
best interests at heart.
And who is your firm these days,
Mr. Canning?
Well, that would be me.
I'm it. One employee.
Low overhead.
(laughter)
This crumb cake is incredible.
And the town car
and driver outside,
who pays his salary?
I guess I do.
I... I can't drive anymore.
I wish I could, but...
(sympathetic murmurs)
I need that,
to have a driver.
ANNETTE:
That's okay.
My brother was in an
accident last year.
A taxi ran over his leg.
He can't drive either.
That's terrible.
This is what I love about
coming into homes like this--
is the acceptance.
This is what America has
more than any other country--
acceptance.
(group agreeing)
WOMAN:
He's right...
So you're working for
the pesticide industry now.
Why would you say that?
History.
Last time we met,
you gloated about helping
big pharmaceutical.
Yes, and you defended the
wife-killer Colin Sweeny.
So you save JNL money
by stealing our class action
and negotiating
a lowball settlement.
Very smart.
Mrs. Florrick, you seem
like such a nice woman
on the outside, and
then I get this glimpse
of the darkness within.
(laughing)
You're going to have
to try harder this time around.
I'm on to you.
It helped you in there.
They loved it when
you attacked my car.
There can only be
one class action.
Yes. I'll see you in court.
(crowd cheering on TV,
woman laughing)
(phone ringing)
WOMAN:
No! No!
WILL:
Yes.
Just consider it foreplay.
Well, then you
have to find it.
Yeah, what's up?
"Oh, I have this
deposition..."
Shh, shh.
"Then_ there's this
continuance..."
Well, don't worry about it.
The judge will never...
(whispers):
No, no.
All right, I'll be right in.
You know what I think?
I think you're gay.
I think your
gay lover phones
every time we're about
to have sex and calls you away.
Oh, yeah?
I'll have you two over
for dinner sometime.
(yells)
BAILIFF:
All rise.
Good morning.
And welcome.
(gavel pounds)
Uh, before we begin today,
I want to remind everybody
about the...
* Dum-da-da-dum,
blood drive.
I don't want to hand down
any declarations,
but blood supplies
are low, so I leave it to you
and your conscience.
Now, I understand that
we have a disagreement
over a class certification.
Ms. Lockhart, you are looking
formidable today?
Yes, Your Honor.
We represent the community
of Fallstrom
_ in their suit_ _
against JNL PestICIdes,
over a recent infertility
and miscarriage cluster,
and we're asking you
to certify our class.
And yet there seems to be
an overlapping contention.
Mr. Canni-- Canning, is it?
Yes, Your Honor.
Hello.
Hi.
Being new to your court,
I should probably
explain a few things.
This movement that you see,
I have a syndrome
called tardive dyskinesia,
and it results in these
uncontrollable movements.
That's good to know.
My sister-in-law suffers
from Huntington's.
Huntington's.
Oh, my gosh.
Yes, it requires
a bravery
that I couldn't imagine.
I commend you, sir,
for even being in this court.
Oh, no, please...
One foot in front
of the other.
I very much doubt that.
Oh, dear God.
And so you want
to represent this
class, is that right?
Yes, I've signed up
several of the neighbors
in Fallstrom,
and I believe I'll be
the strongest advocate
in the case against JNL.
Your Honor,
until very recently,
Mr. Canning was in-house counsel
at MRG Pharmaceuticals.
For the last eight years,
he successfully defeated
class actions
identical to this one.
It is our contention
that he is a Trojan horse
helping to certify
this class
in order to destroy it.
So, Mr. Canning,
is that true?
Are you a Trojan horse?
Well, I definitely like being
compared to anyone in Homer.
But, no, sir.
For the last eight years,
it's true, I have worked against
people like Lockhart/Gardner
and worked to demolish
class actions like this one,
and I was paid
handsomely for it.
But six months ago I quit.
I sold my stock options
and I went out on my own because
I saw the error of my ways.
I'm here representing myself
as an advocate for this class
precisely because I used
to be on the other side.
Well, uh, I can only certify
one class,
so the members of the losing
class will join the ranks
of the winning and the losing
lawyers... or lavwer
will be dismissed.
So, in four days time,
I would like both law firms
to return
and whichever has the most
members in their class
will be certified.
That's, uh, that's all.
(gavel pounds)
Oh, and don't forget,
if you're a blood owner,
become a...
OTHERS:
Blood donor.
Where are we?
We're up by
six households.
Our life is numbers
these days.
Okay, $55 million depends
on getting signatures,
so let's go.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
We're broke.
We have cash on hand
for three staff members
through the election.
(chuckles)
Yeah, that's the story
of my life.
Always recruited
by the losing team.
Yes, but we're the underdogs;
we're hard to dislike.
(chuckles)
And why do I get the call?
How have I shown myself
deserving?
We heard you quit Eisner &
Gowan, Wendy's polling firm.
So we naturally assumed
that you were unhappy.
We need a cheap pollster, and we
thought you'd like the chance
to get back at them.
Okay.
They were lying to her,
telling her she had
the youth vote sewn up.
And she doesn't?
Mm-mmm.
Are you saying that she's weak
on the youth vote?
No. You're strong.
See, I was doing a focus group
during the last debate.
You were just bumping
along in the low 205.
And then you swore, and-- boom.
I mean, not with
the 55-year-olds,
but the under 305.
It was like watching
a baby chick's eyes open.
You shot to low-70$
and you stayed there.
Kids thought it was honest.
But it's the youth vote.
Yeah, yeah, and they never
show up, right?
Except. . .
Yep.
The new ballot measure.
Medical marijuana.
The youth vote is showing up
to vote for Amendment 31.
We need to stop running away
from prison.
See, Wendy gets points
because she's black,
but she's like Donna Reed black.
You've been to prison.
And that makes you
hardcore.
Matt, come work for us.
I don't know.
I was liking daytime TV.
Well, we're gonna put a nice
big television in your office.
ALICIA: These are the houses
Canning signed up.
And the blue ones are ours.
So we are up
seven households.
Are they open to hearing
about Canning's background?
Well, I have an ambassador
in the neighborhood-- Rosanna.
She says that people
like Canning personally.
But they are open to hearing
about collusion.
A class action takes
a lot of money.
My guess is he's not
bankrolling
this himself.
KALINDA:
I'll look for ties to JNL.
DIANE: Good. And you'll
get back in the field.
Quarterly partner meeting.
Is something up?
Something's always up.
(people conversing)
Thank you all.
Good to have everyone here
and healthy.
And let's all applaud Philip.
I heard twins.
Good thing. That bought you
a delay in the Diocese depo.
(chuckles)
Now for the current state
of our big-ticket items.
How is everything
with the Fallstrom
pestrcrde dump?
We're in process.
Lining up our class.
Good. I heard there was
a bump in certification.
DIANE:
Judge Abernathy.
He's being-- as is his wont--
cautious.
But we should know
more by Tuesday.
Anything on your end, Derrick?
(clears throat)
I guess now's as good a time
as any.
I just got the go-ahead
to announce our newest client,
Americans For Growth.
A new bipartisan
Super-Pac
with guaranteed
financing
of $120 million.
(partners murmur)
Wow.
Canning just leased a four-story
brownstone on the Gold Coast.
20 grand a month.
Leased?
So he's only here temporarily?
I'm checking.
I'm also going to see
if he cosigned his lease.
Okay. Good job.
Sorry about that.
(doorbell rings)
Hi. Are you the reporter
that called?
Yeah. Is he in?
Uh, no, but he's
gonna be right back.
Come in, though.
Come in.
Thanks.
He's been preparing
all morning.
And you're his...?
Wife. Simone.
And you are...?
Kalinda.
HI.
Um, he said
to make yourself at home
and to answer
any questions you had.
You can leave your coat
right here.
And I have some hummus
and pita downstairs
I'm going to get.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So tell me, how long have you
two been married?
I don't think I'm
gonna answer that one
because I'll be showing my age.
Let's just say we were
high school sweethearts.
Both really.
Okay, fire away.
"Is his condition hard on us?"
"Do I have to carry him
down the stairs?"
I'm sorry, I don't mean to...
You're not
prying at all.
It's totally fine.
We're used to it.
(children laughing)
No, no, no, guys.
Can you just stay out
of Daddy's office?
Thank you.
That's Jay and Bella.
They're not used to
these Chicago winters.
Oh, can I get
you a drink?
Actually, could I use
your bathroom, please?
Sure, it's right there.
I'll be right back.
Sure.
Okay.
(computer beeps)
(key in lock)
Hello.
Hi. I'm Kalinda.
So my wife says.
Louis.
Are you getting
what you need?
Well, sort of,
but, I mean,
anything you can help
with this profile.
would be great.
Oh, it's okay.
I know there's no article.
I've _been
expecting you.
Or someone like you.
Someone from
Lockhart/Gardner.
So, are you finding
what you're looking for?
I-I don't know.
What, what should I be
looking for?
Something to use against me.
You have,
you have a nice brownstone.
Yes, yes, I'm-I'm rich.
Guilty.
Gee, I think the concern is
how you got rich.
Oh, you mean from screwing
the little man?
More or less.
Oh, no, Woody Guthrie's crying.
(chuckles)
You, um, you don't seem
too bothered
by my being here, do you?
I'm only bothered by things
I don't expect.
Can I ask you
a question?
Do you think people can change?
Do I?
No, I don't.
So, once a corporate lavwer,
always a corporate lavwer?
Well, I think that six months
is a very short time
to go from victimizer to victim.
Saint Paul did it in a second.
Oh, so you're Saint Paul?
No, I'm just someone who thinks
Lockhart/Gardner
is just this side of incompetent
and is gonna lose
a lot of money
for some very nice,
deserving people.
Hey, hon?
Yeah?
Tell Kalinda why I quit my job.
Oh, I don't think
she wants to hear
any of that, hon.
Sure, she's a reporter,
of course she does.
Course I do.
Okay, um, well, uh,
Louis was amazing.
I miscarried,
and that day he quit.
I'm sorry, sorry to hear that.
He decided he wanted to
stay home and help me.
I'll just let
you guys talk.
Nice to meet you.
You, too.
Think that might be why I want
to help a class action
of women who miscarried?
ALICIA:
I don't believe you.
It's a trick.
It's kind of an elaborate trick
haVIng your Wife miscarry.
No. It's either not true
or it's irrelevant.
He's in the pocket of the
corporate interests, believe me.
I think he's getting in
your head.
I think you're right.
It's still a trick.
Okay, I'm gonna check
into 27 Equity.
I'll call you back later.
Okay.
Will?
I hate being my mom.
Oh, hi.
Hi! Do you hate that,
being your mom?
I'm not really my mom.
I didn't think I was either.
Everything I did, I ran in
the opposite direction.
Have some pastrami.
That's okay.
My mom spent
half her life
in tears, cooking dinner,
waiting for my dad
to return home.
And here I am.
And where is he?
Oh, um, I think...
I warned him:
There was a meeting.
fall for me and
I'm outta here.
Now look at me.
Go ahead, there's two.
Come on.
So, what's the point?
I don't want this.
What do you want?
I...
I don't know.
Sometimes it's best
just to remain friends.
That's what I found.
PETER: So this is
a very serious Issue
that doesn't get enough
attention.
There is a measure
that I would support
that takes medical marijuana
seriously.
I've seen firsthand the damage
our drug policies--
if you can call it that--
has done to our court system,
our families, to lives.
$100 now, $200 later.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
All you have to
do is call me
when you see this car
enter that garage.
Okay, I'll give you
a call.
Thank you.
ROSANNA:
You lost two.
ALICIA:
VVho?
The two I was worried about,
the Hathaways and the Wicks.
I was just heading
over there.
How did he know
to go to them?
I don't know, but he went
to them first thing.
He visited Julie
this morning, too.
JULIE: _
Please come In.
I know Mr. Canning visited,
but before you make
any decision,
I want to sign with you.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Then that's great.
JULIE:
I just don't like
how this back and forth
is hurting
the neighborhood.
I know. It'll be over soon.
And I didn't like what he was
saying about your firm.
He...?
What did he say?
I finally found a use
for this nanny-cam.
CANNING:
I know her firm--
Lockhart/Gardner.
In normal economic times,
they would be exactly the type
of firm you'd be looking for.
But right now they're undergoing
a partnership battle
for control of the firm.
And the partners
need this class action
in order to fight
for that control.
I didn't know if it's true,
but I thought
I should bring it to you.
You didn't say anything?
No.
Then how...?
There's a mole.
I mean, listen, half the
convicts I knew in prison
were there because of drugs...
Not too many hits.
It'll grow. Peter's the first
one even talking about it.
What does this do
for our older constituents?
It's a dog whistle.
No one else hears it.
But, uh, here,
I don't know
what to do about this.
(drums, synthesizer
play upbeat riff)
MAN:
Who's that man walking
down the street?
Peter Florrick!
Who's that man
you'd like to meet?
Peter Florrick!
That's right, that's right.
He's here to fight!
What the hell?
It gets worse.
Let's hear it!
* Peter is the man,
Peter is the right man *
* Peter has a plan,
Peter has the right plan *
He's not black,
he's not white.
He's got a plan
to make it right.
Who is it?
Neil Howard Sloan-Jacob.
He's a supporter.
Our supporter.
You ask for civilian
Involvement,
and this is what you get.
* Sing it loud, we're not just
one, we're a crowd *
* Not just you, not just me,
we're the Peter family! *
It's been zipping around
the college blogs.
It has more hits
than Peter's speech.
He promises to make a new video
every week.
God, it's like
a hostage crisis.
* Peter has the right plan
Eli, you know
the worst thing
to happen to any candidate?
It's to be unhip.
Ask Hillary in '08.
I'll contact him.
Hey.
(off-key):
* Peter is the right man!
Whoa! *
*
I know who to talk to.
About this? Really, I'm on it.
No, no, no,
about helping us
with the youth vote.
VVho?
A guy I met in prison.
WILL:
I don't get it.
How did he know
about our partnership fight?
It's not just that.
Canning's been
one step ahead of us all week.
Yes, but only you and I
knew this.
Rosanna.
Rosanna _
was here earlier
when you went upstairs
for your partner meeting.
WILL:
You think she overheard us
and then
slipped it to Canning?
I don't know.
I'll see if
she flipped.
Anything on who's
financing Canning?
It's not JNL Pesticides.
It's this-- 27 Equity,
a New York hedge fund.
Oh, my God, it's the newest
thing in litigation.
They did the same thing
last year
with the Ground Zero workers.
The lawyers borrowed
$35 million
to finance the lawsuit.
DIANE:
The interest was
astronomical.
WILL:
15% a year.
So if he isn't in the pocket
of JNL, the why's he doing this?
I think there's a chance
he's srncere.
Doesn't matter.
We still need
to beat him in court.
KALINDA:
How did you communicate
with Rosanna?
On the phone,
through e-mails.
Let me check your computer.
(phone rings)
Yeah.
Your car just showed up.
It's not much of a cushion
being up by two people.
It's all we need.
BAILIFF:
All rise.
ABERNATHY:
Thank you all
for returning promptly.
(gavelbangs)
Court is now in session.
And where are we on the class
overlap? Mr. Canning?
I think some
of the Fallstrom neighbors
haven't decided yet, sir.
Yes, Your Honor,
but of the neighbors who have,
we have a majority:
41 to 39.
No, no, actually,
I believe were tied at 40.
At least when I count
my letters of consent.
ABERNATHY:
Is that true, Ms. Lockhart?
Mr. Gardner?
I think the dust is still
settling, Your Honor.
But what is true is a matter
that came to our attention:
just today Mr. Canning colluded
with JNL Pesticides
at their company
headquarters.
Really? Colluded?
Mr. Canning?
It's true, Your Honor,
I visited JNL
at their invitation
to see what kind of deal
could be made.
I must admit I was too busy
bargaining with JNL
to follow opposing counsel.
But I did manage to come away
with an offer of $2 million.
WILL:
Your Honor, this suit is worth
20 times that amount.
I-I don't know
if that's true,
but I do know that $2 million
is considerably more
than what's currently
on the table: zero.
Mr. Canning,
it was not within your purview
to negotiate on behalf
of the class action.
And I didn't reach out to JNL.
They reached out to me.
Because this is
a sweetheart deal.
Even_if what Ms. Lockhart
IS saying IS true,
isn't it better that
a TrOJan horse like myself
get whatever deal
can be made now
instead of waiting
the five or six years...
Objection, Your Honor.
Your Honor...
...for the $50 million
they're hoping for?
Lockhart/Gardner's position
is to fight.
And they make enemies
of their opponents.
I make them my friends.
Because you intend
to lower the deal!
I intend to get a deal!
A fight takes time.
Ask your clients if they're
willing to risk that time.
Why don't we
make a deal now?
All right!
I'm glad to see
you've all given blood.
Let's not spill any more here.
It is within my purview
to marry these two classes,
and that is what I intend to do.
But, Your Honor...
No, no, no.
No.
Mr. Canning,
Ms. Lockhart, Mr. Gardner,
look across the aisle
to each other.
Look.
By the powers vested in me
by the State of Illinois,
I now pronounce you one class.
Congratulations.
Get a good deal.
(gavelbangs)
I don't care if he says
we're married.
We are in charge.
Okay. Well, we'll make
the best deal we can. Okay?
(sighs)
You going for a quick run?
Maybe not so quick.
Look. I'm sorry
about dinner.
We've just got
this thing and...
(phone ringing)
Hold on.
WILL:
Hey, Kalinda. What's up?
It's not a leak.
What-What do you mean?
What is it?
Why Canning is ahead of us.
He put Spector Pro
on Alicia's laptop.
That's keylogger software.
What?
Every key Alicia hit
was sent through
a Wi-Fi parasite program
to another computer.
That's how Canning knew.
Can we prove it?
Well, we can trace it back,
but he'll know we're tracing.
You want to use it?
Alicia, send an e-mail to Diane
saying our geographical report
places the target amount
at $70 million.
Okay.
You want to chase up the offer?
Then have Diane
write back saying we're willing
to take it to 85 million.
If Canning's in bed
with JNL, they'll be terrified.
Okay. Will do.
Okay, call me when you're done.
Okay. I'll go
for a jog with you.
I have a date tomorrow night.
You... You what?
I have_ a date with a South
African soccer player
tomorrow night.
You do not.
I do. Picking me up at 8:00.
Think he's gonna come
in one of those
cute little soccer uniforms?
I don't care how he comes.
I don't understand.
Are you breaking up with me?
No. Just putting
things on pause.
I'm not falling
in love with you.
I know.
I just need a little
cooling-off period. 30 days.
That's all.
No. You told me
not to fall in love with you,
and I didn't.
I know.
30 days. I'll call you
at the end of February.
(door opens)
(door closes)
ALICIA:
You okay?
Am I...?
Yeah. Why?
Well, I just asked you
what you thought
a good compromise
come-out offer was,
and you said, "Yes."
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm distracted.
I...
Life is complicated, isn't it?
It can be.
I don't know what I want.
I'm very good
when I know what I want,
but when I don't,
I suck.
Is this work?
It's...
Nothing.
I need friends.
I need, like, a fat buddy
who I can tell things to
and get drunk.
I'll work on that.
_ DERRICK: _
Will? Do you have a minute?
It'll just be a minute.
(door closes)
I think we need
to talk to Diane
about backing away
from litigation.
Why?
I think she's letting
her leftist activism
get the best of her.
A year ago that might have
been true, but not now.
Take _over
the pestICIde case.
Why? It's not mine
to take over.
She's pushing for
an $85 million deal.
She'll never win.
How do you know that?
How do I know she won't win?
How do you know she's
looking for $85 million?
I know.
You can't tell me how?
Trust me.
My information is solid.
Alicia wanted her
to come in at $70 million.
Diane pushed it to 85.
Okay, I'll talk to Diane.
Good. Thanks.
(school bell rings)
Get out of here!
I will not get out of here.
Peter asked me
personally to ask you...
personally.
No!No!No!No!
That does not happen!
That does happen.
And it's happening to you.
I didn't think anyone
even saw that old video.
But I knew I had
to do something.
Well, it was very entertaining.
Well, that was the
whole point, you know?
I mean, people think that
politics can be so dry,
but I think it can be fun.
So what is this position?
Oh, well...
it's the liaison
to the political director--
me.
And I can send you anything?
Song ideas?
Commercials?
Yes.
We've been trying to get
the public involved,
get them to coordinate
with our message.
So yes, send everything to me.
And you don't think it's better
if I just do it on my own?
_ _ No. It's-it's better _
if it comes through my office.
And I'm sorry
we can't offer you
a stipend at this time,
but if things
work out...
Oh, no.
No, no, I want to
keep my day job.
This is just so
great, Mr. Gold.
Please tell Peter that
I think he's amazing.
By the way...
Why did you do this for Peter?
Why?
He spoke at the school
about bullying.
About making fun of kids.
He said people see someone
who's different than them,
and they never get a chance
to really know them.
And the only way to
make life rich is,
next time, have
lunch with them.
Well, he said it
better than me, but
the week after that,
I could just feel
that the mood here...
was different.
I never thought
words made much difference.
Just music.
But he changed people.
Not for that long,
just a few days.
And music
can't do that.
So that's what makes this
so great
is that I will be working
for him.
It will be great.
Nice meeting you,
Mr. Sloan-Jacob.
Yes, Mr. Gold.
(school bell ringing)
(loud crowd chatter)
(sighs)
I only covered
the 27th floor desktops.
28th floor was off-limits.
I found keylogging
sobeare
on Alicia's desktop,
Julius Cain's,
and Neka's in Litigation.
Now, given that wide
of a distribution,
it's more likely
to be Bond spying than Canning.
_ DAVID:
Two eqUIty partners and one
junior associate.
Why Alicia?
WILL:
Her close connection
to me?
That would be my guess.
He wouldn't want to put
keylogging software on your
computer, but he wanted
to keep track
of what you wrote
to Alicia.
What did you tell her?
Alicia?
About this? Nothing.
Thank you, Kalinda.
I think we need a moment.
No. I think Kalinda should stay.
She can help us.
WILL:
I think we should
do the same thing
we were planning
to do with Canning.
Use it?
WILL:
Yes.
Diane, you write to Julius
about getting
to Bond's weakest votes.
Get him to fire his own people?
Yes. We need the majority
of equity partners
to vote Bond out.
We can't pick
off his votes.
But he can.
I think I'm liking this.
(muffled laughter)
It's gonna be hard
to go back to the law.
(laughter)
PET_ER:
So you just got
out of prison?
Yeah. November.
Eight months.
Heard that you got
caught up for a while?
Home monitoring.
It's not so bad.
Yeah, I've been there.
How's your mom?
Oh, she's hanging
in there. Yours?
She hates my last album.
(laughs)
So, uh, do you miss
anything about it?
What? Being inside?
(both laugh)
God, no.
You are funny.
Foolish question.
So, um, I guess
I owe you one, huh?
No. No, hey,
the legal advice was free.
But it was damn good advice.
Better than anything I've gotten
on the outside since.
I'm glad.
So, what do you need?
I need the youth vote.
(laughs)
I'm sorry.
Hey, I told you,
brother-- that tatt--
nice black panther right there--
you'll get my vote.
Well, I was thinking
maybe just an interview.
You and _me.
An InterVIew?
Yeah.
Oh, that all?
I mean, I thought we were
talking about a fund-raiser.
Uh, sorry.
I was just passing by.
Um, what-what kind
of fund-raiser?
MAN:
Just so we're clear.
We didn't consider the offer
made to your co-counsel,
Mr. Canning, to be
a lowball offer.
We consider it to be our offer.
Our best, last
and final.
Well, how nice
for you.
Then we'll see you in court.
Good.
Okay, wait.
Wait. Look,
we're not trying to pick
your pockets. We just need
to show the judge
a hint of movement.
No, we don't.
Yes, actually, yes, we do.
Mr. Canning, can we
talk to you a minute?
Good job. Nicely played.
Oh, don't
even pretend.
What? We're good cop,
bad copping them.
No, we're not.
You're undercutting us.
We'll contest
any lowball offer.
It's a luclq world
where $2 million
is a lowball offer.
Don't worry.
We're doing great.
Don't you just look at them
and feel something?
Excuse me?
Those mothers.
They miscarried.
They can't have children.
Don't you feel something
when you hear them,
or is your cynicism that deep?
Mrs. Florrick,
you don't know me.
You don't know what my life is.
I may have
the greatest compassion
for them in the world,
or I may have none.
It's irrelevant.
What I owe them
is not my compassion.
It's my ability.
And that's what I'm giving them.
Canning got Rosanna
to flip to his side
by showing her a document
from JNL Pesticides.
What kind of a document?
An internal analysis of what
they were willing to pay.
Does she have a copy?
No. He just showed it to her.
Then it doesn't matter.
_ He'll c_laim
It's prIVIleged,
part of negotiations.
No. He can't.
Sure, he...
We got to get
to Judge Abernathy.
(loud, overlapping chatter)
Okay, okay.
(chatter stops)
Please don't put me in the
position of refereeing everyone.
We had our settlement offer
accepted.
$2.4 million,
with one million in reserve
for future claims.
That offer was_ made
to Mr. Canning,
and not...
Okay. You don't have a deal,
Mr. Foxson, until the court
certifies a deal.
Now, who is this witness?
DIANE:
Mr. Carl Hobart, Your Honor.
And what will
he testify to?
An exhibit_ we would like
to place Into eVIdence.
Okay. So, proceed.
Mr. Hobart, what is your job?
My job? I am a claims analyst
with 27 Equity.
DIANE:
And that is a hedge fund?
CARL:
Yes.
And you were recently sent
a document
by Mr. Louis Canning?
Objection, Your Honor.
Relevance.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, Mr. Canning,
you can't object
to your own co-counsel.
Objection, Your Honor.
Relevance.
I think
I'll overrule that
on absurdity alone.
You may answer.
CARL:
Yes, I was sent a
document for review.
DIANE:
As collateral
for Mr. Canning's loan?
CARL:
Yes.
Uh, we loaned
Mr. Canning $4 million
for this lawsuit,
so we needed
to see all relevant documents.
DIANE:
And this document
under discussion
was prepared by JNL Pesticides
stating how much
they were willing...
Objection!
CANNING:
Your Honor, this document
was part of evidence,
and is, therefore,
privileged.
It, therefore,
cannot be used in court.
That would be
true, Your Honor,
except that Mr. Canning
pierced his own privilege
by showing this document
to a hedge fund.
Now, he can't have it
both ways.
Either it's privileged,
or it's not.
And now... it's not.
Your Honor?
That seems a particularly
good point,
Mr. Canning.
You can't pick
and choose when
Privilege applies.
Do you have anything else?
No, Your Honor.
Okay, I'll admit it.
Nicely played.
Thank you.
You still have
to make a deal.
My guess is it'll be easier now.
So, that was all cynical, right?
You were just trying to lower
the amount
of the award?
I think people were harmed here,
and I think companies ought
to pay for their mistakes.
But I think companies are paying
too much for their mistakes,
and I think lawyers
are helping people
distort the amount of harm.
That's all.
So, if that's cynical, then...
I'm a cynic.
* The bells ring no, no, no,
no, no, no, no *
* No, no, no,
* No, no, no, no, no, no, no
* The bells ring
no, no, no... *
It worked.
That's one of his votes.
Looks like he's sending
him back to DC.
Hmm. I love it.
* The bells ring
no, no, no, no *
* No, no, no, no,
* No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no *
How was your South African
soccer player?
Fictional.
I don't know
what this is. I...
I don't like needing...
anyone.
I know.
It's not commitment.
It's just
preferential treatment.
I can deal with that.
Mmm.
(sniffing)
Mmm! You smell like you.
You smell like Will.
(chuckling)
I thought I could
do without it.
But you have to be
more gentle with me.
I'm not as tough as I look.
Okay.
* The bells ring
* No, no, no, no, no, no,
no, no *
no, no, no, no, no... *
PETER:
We're climbing
with the 18-
to 25-year-olds.
Congratulations.
Suddenly I'm hip.
I never thought you weren't.
The rapper
Young Boxer--
he's going to do a
benefit concert for me.
So, how was your day?
(laughs)
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org